#                                                           resume

## Personal Information

| Name       | Ye Yuan                      |
| ---------- | ---------------------------- |
| University | Xi'an University of Posts    |
| Major      | Network Engineering          |
| Email      | origin020726@gmail.com       |
| WeChat     | yy1657615110                 |
| Github     | https://github.com/Origin-yy |

## Skills

- Proficient in C/C++ programming.
- Familiar with Linux system programming and network programming.
- Familiar with I/O multiplexing, Socket network communication, and TCP/IP protocol.
- Familiar with the basic use of MySQL and Redis databases.
- Familiar with multithreading and multiprocessing programming.

## Educational Experience

In September 2021, I entered Xi'an University of Posts and Telecommunications majoring in network engineering, studying computer network related knowledge. In November 2021, I became a member of XiYou Linux Group and conducted Linux-related learning. From 2022 to now, I have learned Linux system programming and network programming, including Linux system calls, multithreading and multiprocessing, thread pool, TCP/IP protocol, I/O multiplexing, Socket communication and other contents, and transitioned from C to C++.

## Code Experience

- Common data structures and algorithm problems.
- Using C language and Linux system calls to implement the command ls, supporting -a,-l,-s,-t,-r,-i,-R parameters free combination, [code link](https://github.com/Origin-yy/Code_c/tree/main/Group_Task_C/My_ls).
- Using C language, interprocess communication and Linux system calls to implement shell, supporting pipe, redirection, background running, cd and other operations. [code link](https://github.com/Origin-yy/Code_c/tree/main/Group_Task_C/My_Shell).
- Using C language to complete multithreading communication of producer-consumer problem and philosopher problem, as well as thread pool writing,[code link](https://github.com/Origin-yy/Code_c/tree/main/Group_Task_C/Thread).
- Using socket , C++ thread pool, I/O multiplexing, redis to complete a C++ multi-person network chat room in the local area network, with high stability and high concurrency client and server, supporting group chat, adding and deleting friends sending files, offline messages and other common operations, using redis to complete data persistence. [code link](https://github.com/Origin-yy/Code_cc/tree/main/Chatroom).

## Open Source Experience

XmacsLabs/mogan [14_1] add tests for tree.cpp #694 : [link](https://github.com/XmacsLabs/mogan/pull/694)

## Schedule

Before the school summer vacation, except for school courses, I can spare 4 ~ 6 hours of free learning time every day, averaging more than 30 hours per week.

After the summer vacation, according to the group's usual practice I will stay in school to study. I will study in the group for the whole summer vacation. We have a good schedule. From Monday to Saturday every day I have 8+ hours of time to study in the group. The study content is arranged by myself. There is no requirement on Sunday. There will be one outing activity.

During the entire OSPP project period, I have no other extra large-scale activities arranged. Most of my free time will be used to learn technology with the completion of the OSPP project as the primary task.

